add in SSO language for getting started page (#3880)
TobikoData/sqlmesh: docs/cloud/tcloud_getting_started.md

> 

Reviewer: remove my getting started loom video given it's too divergent from the new setup

The first step to setting up Tobiko Cloud is logging in to the web interface:

> 1. We will authenticate into your Tobiko Cloud instance. If it is your first time going through this flow, your Solutions Architect will    guide you on how to get SSO configured. Open the url below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. We will authenticate into your Tobiko Cloud instance. If it is your first time going through this flow, your Solutions Architect will guide you on how to get SSO configured. Open the url below.
```

Reviewer: how to get SSO configured

add hyperlink to the SSO docs so people can skim beforehand easily.

    ```bash
    https://cloud.tobikodata.com/auth/login
    ```

> 2. Once logged in, you should see the home page. If you are not redirected then input your Tobiko Cloud URL in the browser (ex: https://cloud.tobikodata.com/sqlmesh/tobiko/public-demo/observer/)  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Once logged in, you should see the home page. If you are not redirected, then input your Tobiko Cloud URL in the browser (ex: https://cloud.tobikodata.com/sqlmesh/tobiko/public-demo/observer/)  
```

The first step to setting up Tobiko Cloud is logging in to the web interface:

> 1. Open a browser and navigate to the Tobiko Cloud URL (ex: https://cloud.tobikodata.com/sqlmesh/tobiko/public-demo/observer/)

Reviewer: Do they do this anymore?

> 2. We will want to authenticate into your Tobiko Cloud instance. To do this, go to `https://cloud.tobikodata.com/auth/login`. If it is your first time going through this flow, your Solutions Architect will guide you on how to get SSO configured. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. We will authenticate into your Tobiko Cloud instance. If it is your first time going through this flow, your Solutions Architect will guide you on how to get SSO configured. Open the url below.

`https://cloud.tobikodata.com/auth/login`.
```

Reviewer: make the url its own code snippet so it's easy to copy to clipboard

>     If you do not have SSO enabled then leave the username blank and use the temporary password you received from the Solutions Architect in the temporary password link

Reviewer: Is this still true given the new onboarding flow?

Reviewer: I don't think we give them a token anymore

    default_project: public-demo # TODO: update this for the project name in the URL
    ```

> 2. If you are going through the SSO flow then you can run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. If you are going through the SSO flow, then run the following command:
```

>     `tcloud sqlmesh auth` and this will fire off the SSO flow and open a link in your browser to authenticate. 

Reviewer: make the command its own code snippet so it's easy to copy to clipboard

    Once authenticated, you will see the following screen. 

    ![tcloud_auth_success](./tcloud_getting_started/tcloud_auth_success.png)

>     If you are not using the SSO flow then, export the token from the Solutions Architect:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you are not using the SSO flow, then export the token from the Solutions Architect:
```

Reviewer: again, don't think this is true anymore but can you verify?
